hello to you all again I decided to you
Today I will tell you a story about how I
sowed seeds beautifully
It means beaut thread usa has I dreamed
very one
crust per se collector on
Ukraine is very little here you meet while
would be in the collection, there are little blue but it
messing micro synergies imagine
23 centimeter plant in
diameter
adult plant that also blooms
like down the ninges by these little ones
their bells are not many varieties
but really this big rarity and
the amateur has rare Gesner colleagues then
there are can meet and legs 12 site on
reddene not leg consent of course easier
with these houses more often brings
rare plants and there are opportunities
buy buy collector ep3
kosmey and simple such blue little club
of love
interesting varieties we certainly move away
a little harder but meeting love would
wish if
if you write maniac, then of course I am any
killed before you open this same
verified city
and finally i will get some seeds
pretty to 7 inga vidok near the village 9
got hold of sachets
boards when the dust is even a millimeter
millimeter blame the seeds do not reach and
you imagine my show never
we sow the seeds of such microscopic
of plants
but something had to be done with them
of course I started to panic and start
find out from everyone how it is done
As for well, let's say that's it
small small seeds of heart plants
tsukuri he then or there live out
saintpaulus how do they settle down so is taken
we are a white sheet of paper poured seeds
they mix either with dry ground
either with sand and neatly so
formed to conduct smoke
so your
and so here in the center these wake up
seeds or verse are sown in the ground
together snowy sand yes and pattern and
then unevenly distributed then
surface wet families from
are planted absolutely nothing from above they are not
wake up
to make it easier for them to germinate because
that the small seeds of her cinema is difficult difficult
break through great servants
and so they do not sprout
here the seeds themselves were of this size
what I could hardly imagine from what
you can mix 700 such
get out of this bag because you
sachet but the usual such visit sachet
small somehow more finger
freeze and and how generally they don't even
get out of this bag
and here was a lot of smart advice in general
and you decided to use the color they
roller light twinkle little take a toothpick
just yes and a toothpick neatly here
So
get every every seed is from
bag and then neatly so
direct and immediately she will fall into
land I took just such teplichku I
was such a box with a lid, here I am
decided it myself
organize under the jovani greenhouse I
filled the ground with cool perlite
mixed good moistened from
spray gun on sprinkled
here and here in this here adme.ru
i thus caused these seeds and
There was a little about 10 pieces probably
toothpick and so neat
neatly it was amazing
jewelry work
I embroidered them you try the plot
bring them to the camera don't know will focus
on or not of course without a camera very
hard to see
germinating seeds without insane
small size I'll show you on
Photos are looking for then I embroidered them 17
August 17 for
thank you August 31, after all, almost 2
weeks gone his fall two weeks
tentatively they began to germinate here
these here and when I saw these just a moment
microbe checks are so green
there was no limit to my joy because
I actively say I do not believe that micro 1
but never had such experience yet
ate such a trifle
still micro synergies really want
get your collection and see
what is this miracle
real life
that's when they increase a little
in volume I will continue my story and
I'll show you what they look like next
before picking here when they already
grow up a little they can catch
arrange in his own map or
just for a distance
certain that they do not grow in piles
if this video was helpful to you
Like me it will be nice
and if you have any questions you can
write in the comments under the video or
ask them any of my VKontakte groups
classmates and facebook on twitter
or write on my site viano m dot
com thanks for watching bye bye